well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
senators cruz hallie johnson langford
danes kennedy blackburn braun
and senators elect loomis marshall
hagerty
and tuberville probably mispronounced
one of those don't really care to be
honest
we're going to talk about them and we're
going to talk about 140 republicans in
the house
the little show that they want to put on
you know i do not often
frame things in terms of good and evil
it's not something i do i don't do it
because most people view those terms as
subjective things that can be debated
see i'm of the opinion that there are a
few things that
are objectively evil
one of them is authoritarian power
structures
it's not normally people as individuals
that commit great evils however
if you look back through history
it's almost always an authoritarian
power structure
you remove the economic system the flags
whatever
the propaganda that goes along with it
that's what you're left with
every single time
all over the world right now
there are militaries ready to do battle
with their opposition whoever their
opposition may be
and if you were to ask a soldier they
will tell you their opposition is evil
however if you introduce them to a
person from the opposition
they won't say that because it's not the
people
it's the power structure it's what that
power structure is capable of
accomplishing
this has been a constant throughout
history
and sure you can look back in the u.s
say the 1860s and say yeah those people
they were part of a power structure like
that but
them as individuals they they were evil
and yeah sure i'm not going to argue
that
you can look to germany in the 1940s
and say yeah they were part of an
authoritarian power structure but
they as people were evil and sure
i'm not going to argue that
the thing is the scariest of those
people to me
was not himmler it was not eichmann
was the good german
the one who just wanted to show they
were loyal
that they were patriotic those willing
to engage in little performative tests
to show their support because those are
the people
that provided power to that power
structure
through their support those little
performative
loyalty tests which is exactly what this
vote is
the names on this list that's what
they're engaging in
a performative loyalty test showing that
they're good americans
they're patriotic by undermining
everything this country is supposed to
stand for
this little show they don't have the
votes
to make it succeed yet not this time
around
but i want you to think about what
they're really trying to accomplish here
they're trying to remove the voices
of millions of people over
unfounded allegations allegations
even in the way they're saying they're
going to frame their objection
they're not saying there was fraud
they're saying there were
allegations so we're going to hold a
10-day audit
again not a big deal it's performative
it's just a show
but if they'll play along with this they
will play along with anything
if somebody can get you to believe the
absurd
they can get you to do anything
the people on this list the people who
are supporting this
they need to be remembered and they need
to be precluded
from public office they have shown
where their loyalties lie
they are attempting to remove the voices
of millions of people
if people do not have a voice what kind
of power structure do you have
an authoritarian one
they are knowingly or unknowingly
attempting to create one of the few
things that is
objectively evil in the world
even mitch mcconnell mitch mcconnell
not a man known for being a man of the
people
said that this was going to be the most
consequential of votes
romney said that he believed that
statement indicated mcconnell believed
it was a referendum on democracy itself
and i can't believe i'm going to say
this but i think mcconnell is right
the people on this list and those 140
republicans
they should be a uniting element in this
country
because republicans democrats
independence left-wing right-wing
doesn't matter
i think pretty much everybody in this
country
believes that americans should have a
voice however quiet
in their government this is an attempt
to undermine that
just to show support for dear leader
it's what it's all about it's a show
but these shows are how authoritarian
regimes gain
power yeah it's going to miss its mark
this time
but it may not next time and if these
people are reelected
it's going to send the message that
this kind of behavior will be rewarded
these people need to lose they need to
be remembered and it does not matter
what they do after this vote doesn't
matter what they do a year from now
nothing changes it they picked their
side
and it wasn't the side of the american
people
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day